Contact sanjanaelizabeths@gmail.com www.linkedin.com/in/sanjanashibin-49b578398 (LinkedIn) Top Skills Python (Programming Language) Generative AI Data Analysis Sanjana Shibin CSE undergrad @NIE | BS Data Science @ IIT Madras | Google Student Ambassador | Exploring AI, Data & Real-World Problem Solving Mysore, Karnataka, India Summary I’m currently pursuing a BS in Data Science at the Indian Institute of Technology Madras alongside a degree in Computer Science at NIE Mysore. I’m interested in AI, data, and solving real-world problems using technology. Currently building skills in Python, data analysis, and core computer science concepts, while actively contributing to tech communities like BYTE. I’m focused on learning, building, and continuously improving in the field of data and technology. Experience Google Student Ambassadors (India) Student Ambassador May 2026 - Present (1 month) India Representing Google’s student community initiatives by promoting technology, innovation, and developer programs among students. Actively engaged in organizing workshops, community events, and peerlearning sessions focused on Google technologies and career development. Collaborating with fellow ambassadors and student communities to encourage participation in tech initiatives, networking opportunities, and skill-building activities. The BYTE Club NIE Management core March 2026 - Present (3 months) Core member of the management team at BYTE, actively involved in organizing technical events and student engagement activities. Collaborated with team members to plan and execute events, while managing coordination and communication. Contributed to building an active tech community within the college. Education The National Institute Of Engineering, Mysore Computer science engineering · (September 2025 - August 2029) Indian Institute of Technology, Madras BS in Data Science · (September 2025 - September 2029) Innovative institute of mathematics and sciences PCMB · (June 2023 - February 2025) St.Joseph's Central School Class 1-10 · (May 2013 - February 2023